"You've come. "
"You are not a child of Agadon. So I ask you... Why do you stand in my way? "
"You wish to return to your home world? If all you wish to do is get home, I can grant this for you. I am an Ancient, after all. "
"What? You refuse my gift? "
"Hm. Very well. It is true I wished to rid myself of you peacefully. I am not a tyrant. "
"You speak of justice, but do you really know what you are speaking of? Really, I am not a tyrant. I do wish you'd see that. "
"It was thousands of years before you set me free. I must now finish what I started. It's a shame... What once would have only been a small group of people suffering has grown into an entire nation. They all must be removed for knowing the secrets of the Ancients. It is their fate. "
"Haven't you realized? The blood of an Ancient made you what you are. Your allegiance should be to the Ancients, not to the filth that pollutes this land. "
"Hah! You fool! After generations of garbage, you are but a shadow of your former self. I will dissolve this weak vessel called 'Tony Jones' and bring you to the heart of my Keep in the Wastelands for an eternity of torture. At last I shall have my revenge, Kyros! "
"So be it. "
"NOOOOOOOOO!!!!! NO MORTAL CAN DESTROY AN ANCIENT!!! IT'S UNFATHOMABLE!!! INCONCEIVABLE!! NOOOOOO!!! "
"Finishing you off will ensure the completion of my plan. "
"Why must you defend Agadon's tribe? "
"I told you it wouldn't work. Now go tend to the geyser, Morag, and I shall handle this myself. "
"No effect? How interesting. "
"Well, it matters not. "
"It's true, boy. There is a strange energy about you. But it is far too early to be sure that you are the Great Magus. "
"?? "
"With your help. "
"Haha! Spectacular! Don't forget this feeling, boy. It's how I felt when my own brother turned against me for doing my duty. This is the rage from which Kings are born. "
"I've enjoyed our time together, but I must now return to the Core. By the time you reach the Arderial geyser another will have appeared in Paradwyn, and two more in D'Resh. "
"It may be Morag's fate to perish by your hands. If you survive, return to the Core Entrance. Five stones will open the gate. I'll be waiting for you there. Perhaps then you'll be ready to face the truth. "
"",$FB,"",$FC," is sentenced. "
"",$FB,"",$FC," is my judge. "
"",$FB,"",$FC," is guilty. "
