"Are you sure you want to go THIS way? "
"You won't find the next CHALLENGE so easy. "
"A boy with PANTS as SAGGY as yours should change his DIAPER more often. "
"I guess even a MONKEY can get LUCKY every once in a while. "
"You are almost as SMART as these SHRUBS! "
"They are going to the funeral procession by the river. "
"Yes. Orwin is no more. May his soul rest in peace. "
"Come. We must pay our respects as well. "
"I sensed Agram's defeat. You have done a wonderful thing, Kyros. "
"Just play along for now. Everyone has good reason to believe it. "
"We're having a farewell party for the Great Magus! A wonderful celebration for all! "
"WENCE! "
"It is time to leave. Are you ready? "
"Okay, let us go. "
"It seems the boy is leaving. "
"Hee hee hee... Who knows? "
"That is true. But this whole experience has taught me that sometimes even I can be taken by surprise. Perhaps there is more to the future than prophecies or legends can lead us to believe. "
"Don't you agree, Orwin? "
"A stone? What an unusual shape... this is what formed the Geyser? "
"Hmm... the shape is very familiar. Kyros, could you show me the Core Glyph again? "
"Aha! That slot is the exact same shape and size as this stone! Kyros, put the stone into the Glyph. "
"That must be the key to unlocking the Core Glyph's power! "
"Perhaps... now that I know what we are looking for, I can try to locate them... "
"No good, something is preventing me from seeing it clearly. All I sense is that they are all concentrated in one area, yet always moving. This can only mean one thing: somebody is holding them. No doubt it is the same person who used this stone to form the Geyser in Naroom. Did you notice any suspicious characters around the Geyser? "
"Did you see where he went? "
"Let me have a look... "
"Good luck, Kyros! "
"Perhaps you should investigate. "
"BUT THOU MUST! "
"OK Eidon. That is a long enough break. "
"Watch your tongue! I am Gia, the one you seek, Tony Jones. Or should I say, Kyros. "
"Your coming has been foretold for many, many years. Truthfully, I didn't expect the Prophecy to be fulfilled for at least a few dozen more years, but even I can't be right all the time. "
"It states, 'Dark Forces will abound... Geysers of darkest Shadow will appear... the Great Magus known as Kyros reveals himself with a miracle. All will be in chaos until the end, which the Great Magus shall bring... returning from whence he came.' "
"Yes, I know, you just want "
"Oh, I have my ways. "
"That too. "
"Kyros, I do not know exactly how to get you home. "
"This is the Core Glyph, an old relic which I found on an expedition 380 years ago. "
"Therefore, I think the key to using "
"KYROS!!! "
"Kyros, did you hear what I just said? "
"No, after that! "
"Well..... you seem to be all right. Never mind. Eidon, you are excused. "
"Don't worry about it. "
"It is West of here. I live nearby because I am trying to study the Core. You, however, should forget about the Core Entrance for now, Kyros. Your objective lies in the Shadow Geyser. "
"......... "
"How are you doing, Kyros? "
"No......... "
"MORAG? Did you say MORAG?? "
"Morag.... I haven't heard that name for a long time. There is an old and famous legend about how the countries that exist in Magi-Nation came to be. Would you like to hear it? "
"A long time ago, when the land was ruled by wandering tribes, a man named Agadon discovered the City of Ancient Ones. He spoke with them, and they blessed him with knowledge of the Magi, which he took back to his tribe. "
"But although the Ancients wished to give this knowledge as a gift, one Ancient would not accept such knowledge being given to an outsider. He- or she- formed an army of shadow-like creatures and sent it to wipe out all of Agadon's tribe. The one who was put in charge of this army was Morag. "
"Am I boring you, or shall I go on? "
"There are many individual accounts of the battles that occurred in that dark time, but to make a long story short, Agadon sacrificed himself, allowing his people to escape to the far reaches of Magi-Nation. "
"Finally, The other Ancient Ones intervened, stripped the aggressors of their power, and banished them to the barren Wastelands. "
"Morag must have found a way to escape somehow. But...it's strange... How did he recover his power? He is just a man, after all, and any man who is stripped of his power by an Ancient loses that power permanently. "
"Very well. Just know that Morag is dangerous. "
"KYROS!!! "
"Go now to the Shadow Geyser. "
"Try looking for some clue at the Geyser. "
"Those look like the kind of blades used by miners in the Underneath. Whoever created that Geyser must have taken an old mine shaft... Eidon can fit those blades into digging gloves for you. "
"Good luck, Kyros! "
"KYROS! You escaped! Tell me what happened. "
"My grandmother was from The Cald... "
"Be careful in Orothe. "
"Shall I record your journey? "
"Good luck Kyros! "
"Hello, Tony. I'm afraid Orwin is very sick now. He probably does not have much time left. "
"Tony, thank you for saving Orwin, but I'm afraid you still must leave as soon as possible. "
"God-speed on your journey. "
"Tony, thank you for saving Orwin, but I'm afraid you still must leave as soon as possible. "
"You must go to the Core Entrance! Hurry! "
"You must go to the Core Entrance. Hurry! "
"Welcome back, Tony. "
"I had to leave. "
"I'm sorry... I'm going to be frank with you. You are not the Great Magus. You are not Kyros. "
"Too much is going wrong. The balance of the world is falling apart. After thinking it over, I believe it is better for us all if you return home immediately. I'm sorry for forcing this delusion on you that you're some prophetic savior. It's my fault. "
"... I'm so sorry, child. I didn't mean to hurt you. You see, we've realized too late that the Prophecy was actually a warning. Because you are from another world, your presence here has allowed an ancient enemy of the Magi to open dark portals into his dimension. You see, Tony, you are the catalyst. That is why you were taken to the Cald. That is why a Shadow Geyser appeared in Orothe. "
"We fear the worst. If you remain, more Shadow Geysers will appear. Our only hope of survival is for you to leave Magi-Nation. I do not know what fate awaits you in the Core... I can only pray that it will return you to your world. But... "
"Please, Tony. I have trusted you with the truth. I know that you have a good heart. Please make this sacrifice for us. Go to the Core Entrance, to the West of my poor cottage. "
"Farewell, Tony. "
"I know you have to leave soon, but stay a while longer and enjoy yourself. "
"Today is the final voyage of Orwin. For many years he has been the Elder of Vash Naroom. His kind heart and strong will have allowed the city to prosper and grow. "
"He was always willing to help a man in need, always had a solution to the problem. He traveled the world and made many friends. He was the ideal image of everything we Magi should all be: Strong, courageous, and wise. "
"The Ancients will welcome him with their knowledge. "
"Now, a moment of silence, please. "
"We now send Orwin on his final voyage. "
"...and do you vow to protect this town and all of its people with your knowledge as well as your strength? "
"Then from this day forward, you, Eidon, are the elder of Vash Naroom. "
"Long live Eidon! "
"Eidon, let's go have some lunch at Poad's and discuss your new responsi- bilities. "
"Coming Eidon? "
