"It's too bad we couldn't meet like this under better circumstances. "
"Unfortunately, you've come at a bad time. "
"Well, I guess that since Eidon is now the Elder of Vash Naroom, I am the Keeper. "
"Did Eidon ever tell you anything about it, Tony? "
"I wonder what that means... "
"Actually just let me- "
"W-Wait a minute! "
"Tony! Look who I found back in the Underneath! "
"What a great party! I love this town! "
"Poor Ulk... "
"Yes, thanks to you. I didn't see that one... must be getting rusty. My name is Wence. "
"Well Tony, it seems I owe you a debt. I live near here, so you can come  around to my place any time you need a rest. Don't worry if I'm not home, feel free to go there anytime. "
"See you around, Tony! "
"Good, you're awake. You had me worried there. "
"You're at my home in the forest. You passed out back in the Underneath so I took you straight here. "
"Do you know if anyone in town survived? "
"I'm sorry Tony, but could you please leave? "
"It's all right. They wouldn't die so easily on me. "
"I'd like to help you...but I really have to go back and look for survivors in the Underneath. "
"I hope you find what you are looking for too, Tony. "
"I'm sorry I can't be of more help. Would you like me to record your journey? "
"......... Would you like me to record your journey? "
"How are you doing, Tony? Would you like to rest and record your journey? "
"Good luck, Tony! "
"Hold it! "
"I don't know who you are, but I owe this guy my life! Stay away from him! "
"No need for that. I always repay my debts 100 percent. "
"Tony? Are you all right? "
"Hey, Tony? "
"Wow, I thought no one could get into Yaki's stash. How'd you do it? "
"Something horrible happened. Someone gave the boy who lives here some very powerful fungus, and it's completely taken over this house. When Orwin found out he immediately had me board it up and guard it so the fungus wouldn't spread to the rest of Vash Naroom. "
"A real shame. This was a nice house. "
"Something horrible happened. Someone gave the boy who lives here some very powerful fungus, and it's completely taken over this house. I know that Yaki keeps a very powerful poison in his secret room in the training grounds, but he's away on a training mission right now, and I think he changed the combination to get into it before he left. "
"He's still sick and mostly delirious, so is really no help. "
"I don't know if it's possible, but maybe you could break Yaki's combination to his secret room. "
"You able to get that poison from the secret room in the Training Grounds yet? "
